Derric Loya, Addie Meders, Caleb Spiess
11/21/19
CSCI 106 - 008
Final Project - Group Synopsis

	The purpose of this assignment was to effectively demonstrate how to use Bootstrap and Google Fonts to make a well-designed and neat looking website 
while working in a group setting. To complete this assignment each group member had to research the basics about Bootstrap and then they had to 
specifically research how to do their own individual parts. We included a carousel, thumbnails, navbars, glyphicons, alerts, and progress bars. 
We also had to learn how to use Google Fonts to complete the requirements of the project.
 
	To add the custom Google fonts to our webpage, we had to include a few extra lines of code into the HTML files for each page and to the CSS file.  
In the HTML files the line of code that was added was a simple href link to the Google website that contained instructions to interpret our text as being in their fonts. 
In the CSS file we simply added the line {font-family : ‘our-Google-font’, backup-type} to the appropriate elements that we wanted to define this font for. 

	On page 1 the main task that was completed was the adding of the action to the contact form at the bottom and the search bar at the top. 
In the action we set the website “http://www.randyconnolly.com/tests/process.php” as the action which would send the form to this website.  

	On Page 2 our group was tasked with creating a jumbotron that would act as our About Us page. To make the jumbotron, a div tag with the Bootstrap 
class of container was used to encapsulate the needed code. Inside of this tag another div tag was added. This second div tag had the class row and its 
purpose was to center the jumbotron so that it fit the style that the rest of the page had. Next a div tag with the class jumbotron was placed inside of the second 
div tag. This div was responsible for accessing the Bootstrap code for making a jumbotron behave properly. The information that was to be displayed in the 
jumbotron was then put between the open and close of the jumbotron div tag. This information included a header, paragraph, and a button. To make the button we 
started with a button tag which was of type button. Then to add the Bootstrap elements to this button the classes of btn and btn-primary were applied. 
These classes made the button a blue Bootstrap styled button.  We then closed all of the div tags we created in order to finish the jumbotron.

	On the project-artists page, the Navbars and Footer were the same as the previous pages. The hardest part about this page was getting all the spacing 
correct so that everything lined up nicely. As long as the main part of the page was within the same container it all lined up, and the thumbnails could 
further divide the spacing up so they fit nicely together. The alert Bootstrap was fairly simple, it was only one line of code that called the class alert and 
specified the color and text in the alert. The thumbnails were divided so they each took up 2 spaces so that 6 could fit in a row. Each thumbnail had a class 
called caption which included everything but the image. The name of the artist, a button (that is disabled) has a glyphicon in it followed by “Sales” and a badge 
with a number. Each thumbnail is a copy-paste of that last, except that the image, name, and number change. The second row of thumbnails is the same as the previous one. 
The progress bar is also in the same container, for spacing reasons, and is in the class progress bar with the role of a progress bar. Each line only changes the width, 
color, and name and are in separate divs. The aria values are for assistive technologies only.  

	For project-work, I had to learn how carousels work, how navbars work (since this page had its own), how rows and columns work for the images and descriptive bits 
at the bottom, and how cards work. The handful of other pieces were pasted in from the others’ pages. I used container-fluid for the carousel in order to make it hug the 
edge of the page, and embedded the navbar in the carousel in order to make it appear on top of the carousel. The only tricky part was the carousel controls; it took me ages 
to realize I needed to put ‘glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-left’ instead of ‘glyphicon-chevron-left’ (and the same for the right).















































































